Bert was disturbed also by the dreams of Memory, and as he slept during Bert’s excitement he awoke and could sense him smiling, he could also smell the sweat which was coming off him. Bert was a very intuitive person and was a reject among rejects among the Volsen, but he did not mind at all about that. As Memory jerked around Bert spoke quietly saying “What realm are you from black shadow” whilst all else were asleep. Next and immediately some lightning flashed and the rain of a cloud broke and started to fall heavily. The flash entered the cave as the prophet sat in a calm meditative pose. The scent of the rain hit him as he sat there motionless. There was no answer. 
Bert spoke again “I deny your power dark force, I deny your corruption of my friend, I force you by the hand of the great angel of destruction, to be annihilated in all realms”. Suddenly a dark form twisted in the air among them, and was pulled up and out of the cave, as if being yanked from some superior being. It is not known how Bert knew of the angel of destruction that inhabited the sun, but he utilised it, and he sent the black fiend to the pure destruction of that angelic being, to be destroyed perfectly and forever. There was a calm in the air, and the heat of the returning sun was felt in their souls. There was this sense that blackness and darkness now had no spiritual power, that it was a peaceful void, non-obstructive, passive and ultimately yielding to the forces of light. It complimented light and acted now not as an obstructor, but as a gateway between beings of vision and sources of light. It did not cry, it did not suffer, it merely rested and yielded. 
Memory awoke from his dream as the light entered the cave. He began to tell them about his dream, but Bert spoke and said “It’s all over, we’re all fine”. With that Logic awoke, and they began to make their way out of the cave and into the daylight. 
Unbenownst to the others and to many others of this world, the dark figure that was in the mind of Memory and who the tribe before witnessed, had left the minds of Memory when the lightning flashed, and at the point of the lightning flash, a werewolf had come down onto the earth. It was about the height of a Volsen, but unlike them it was furry and had much more dangerous claws and much more dangerous teeth. It had not yet been established whether it talked, because it had nobody to talk to, but it certainly growled. The dark figure from before had become manifest, and no longer needed to warp space and communicate through mischief to this realm, it had become fully manifest in it. The being had also done tricks on the Ayoth before it became manifest, so that its fur was so black and it radiated such a burst of radiation, that the devices that track and monitor this world would be confused by it. The beast was like an algorithm of sorts, an algorithm of confusion to the Ayoth, but to this world, it was a prowling beast of power and fear. It no longer communicated through space and holograms. The minds of Memory, Logic and Bert and all the tribes of the Volsen were not tricked into the power of darkness anymore, but their reality of survival had changed. There was now a great beast in their midst which untipped the balance of power in their so called supremacy over nature. 
So Bert had cast out the dark figure from Memory, and yet there was a prowling in the air and a suspicion. The Volsen somehow knew without knowing that the world had changed, that they were not so supreme as they thought they were. They began to be very concerned about their security, and would often follow the whispers in the air, following them to track them, and to hope for peace from anything lurking.
